Add LLM Eval Instructions (#19897)
DataDog/integrations-core: openai/README.md

## Prerequisites

- An **OpenAI account** with the admin write permissions
- A **valid OpenAI API key** with appropriate access for **usage and cost metrics** or **LLM Observability**.

## Setup

### 1. Generate an OpenAI API key

1. Login to your [OpenAI Account][10].
2. Navigate to **API keys** under **Organization settings**.
3. Click **Create a new secret key**.
   - For LLM Observability, ensure that the API key has **write** permission for **model capabilities** to invoke models in your LLM account.
4. Copy the created API Key to your clipboard.

### 2. Configure Datadog's OpenAI integration

1. Navigate Datadog's [OpenAI integration tile][11] and open the **Configuration** tab.
2. Click **Add Account**.
3. Under **Account Name**, enter a name for your account. Under **API Key**, enter your OpenAI API key. Optionally, add a comma-separated list of tags for metrics associated with this account. 
3. Under **Resources**, enable toggles depending on your use case:
   - **Collect Cost Data**: If enabled, cost data is visible in [Cloud Cost Management][14] within 24 hours. See ([collected data][15]).

>    - **LLM Observability**: When enabled, navigate to **LLM Observability > Settings** to create and run evaluations for the configured account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Use this API key to evaluate your LLM applications**: If enabled, evaluations are run through this API key in LLM Observability.
```

## Prerequisites

- An **OpenAI account** with the admin write permissions
- A **valid OpenAI API key** with appropriate access for **usage and cost metrics** or **LLM Observability**.

## Setup Instructions

### 1. Generate an OpenAI API Key

1. Login to your [OpenAI Account][10].
2. Navigate to **View API keys** under **Account settings**.
3. Click **Create a new secret key**.
   - For **LLM Observability**, ensure that the API key has **write** permission for **model capabilities** to invoke models in your LLM account.
4. Copy the created API Key to your clipboard.

### 2. Configure Datadog's OpenAI Integration

1. Navigate to the configuration tab inside Datadog [OpenAI integration tile][11].
2. Enter an **account name** and **paste the OpenAI API key** in the **account configuration** in Datadog.
3. Depending on your use case:
   - **Cloud Cost Management**: If enabled, cost data will be visible in [Cloud Cost Management][14] within **24 hours**. See ([collected data][15]).

>    - **LLM Observability**: If you want to evaluate your LLM applications, go to **LLM Observability > Settings** to create and run evaluations for your instrumented LLM application.

Author: @davit-bar can you please verify?

>    - **LLM Observability**: If you want to evaluate your LLM applications, go to **LLM Observability > Settings** to create and run evaluations for your instrumented LLM application.

Reviewer 2: yeah I agree; this is about configuring integration.  This should be about toggling on or off if the customer wants to use that specific account for llm observability use case.
